Design

The goal was to teach people braille in hopes of giving them a bit of how the visually impaired live and communicate. To do this I have created
an app-like program that enables people who use it to become more proficient in braille. There are 3 modes: translate, practice and a game mode. Translate
initially helps users get used to reading braille and translating it through both text to braille and braille to text. Braille to text uses
the webcamera to read handwritten braille as it provides an alternative to the tedious option of having to manually input it every single time
Practice is as it sounds. It gives users practice in quickly flipping from alphanumerical text to braille text. Finally game mode provides some more 
entertainment in case the user becomes weary from the other two modes. Note however, the game mode requires the user to be very proficient at reading braille
in order to determine the word. The game also requires quite a bit of logical guessing. Afterwards, the user may note there progress from the stats page
and the help/about page offers insight to the program and has a dictionary.

As for the overall design of the program, I decided to keep the UI assimple and as simple looking as possible. This is to prevent, "scaring" the user
especially since this can be considered learning software and therefore should be and appear to be simple and easy to use. Opencv was used in order to gain
access to the webcamera as well as some of its useful filters and functions but the majority of the data processing was self implemented (removing noise, determining braille
extrapolating data when it is incomplete) in order to read hand written braille. Tkinter was used for graphics since it the program isnt very 
graphics heavy. It should also be noted that the program can be resized as to allow for different preferences in size of program. Pillow was used verylittle in order to 
import images. Finally i decided to make the program app like to emulate professional learning software such as duolingo. 